In order for PCI to share the questionnaire, vital signs, and Covid Test Results your Profile, and the Sub-Profile for any Additional People included in your Check-In Process, with Facilities, Test Centers, and Business/Human Resource Center which you authorized during the Check-In Process, please read the HIPPA Consent below. At the end of this Consent form, you will have the opportunity to agree to the authorization of sharing the information listed HIPAA AUTHORIZATION FOR DISCLOSURE OF HEALTH INFORMATION This form is for use when such authorization is required and complies with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) Privacy Standards. Your Name: Steven Ravins Your Date of Birth: 07/09/1963 I authorize the following disclosing Party: PCI App, a subsidiary of Health Passport Technology Inc which is a Delaware Company to use or disclose my health information relating to the following treatment or condition: Covid Screen and Covid Test Results that is collected within the PCI Application. The above party may disclose this health information to any PCI Member Facility, Test Center, or a designated Business/HR Department in which the Patient willingly checks into and agrees to share their Covid Screening and Covid Test results. The purpose of this authorization is to share the Covid Screening Questionnaire, Vital Signs, and Covid Test Results stored within the PCI Application when I, along with any Additional Person(s) that accompany me, willingly checks into a PCI Member Facility, Test Center, or a designated Business/HR Department . This authorization ends one year after the Transmission of this Covid Questionnaire, Vital Signs, and Covid Test Results have been transmitted to either the Facility, Test Center, or a designated Business/HR Department My Rights: I understand that I have the right to revoke this authorization, in writing, at any time, except where uses or disclosures have already been made based upon my original permission. I may not be able to revoke this authorization if its purpose was to obtain insurance. In order to revoke this authorization, I must do so in writing and send it to the appropriate disclosing party. I understand that uses and disclosures already made based upon my original permission cannot be taken back. I understand that it is possible that information used or disclosed with my permission may be re- disclosed by the recipient and is no longer protected by the HIPAA Privacy Standards. I understand that treatment by any party may not be conditioned upon my signing of this authorization (unless treatment is sought only to create health information for a third party or to take part in a research study) and that I may have the right to refuse to sign this authorization. I will have access to this authorization form after I have signed it. A digital copy of this authorization can be sent to your email at anytime you prefer For Additional People added to your account and participate with your Checking in process, but do not have an Active PCI Account, you become the Authorized Representative for the Additional People: (this list will be dynamically grow based on the number of people being Added to the Account Holder under Sub-Profiles: Name Reason for Sub-Profile Jordan Ravins - Minor Gail Saperstein - Unable to use Mobile The PCI Account Holder is allowing the use of their Active PCI Account to pass the Additional Person(s) Sub-Profile information necessary Covid Screening Questionnaire, Vital Signs, and Covid Test Results when companying the PCI Account Holder when checking into a Facility, and/or Test Center

